docs(rebuilding): add resources insufficient section (#1193)
longhorn/website: content/docs/1.10.0/advanced-resources/rebuilding/offline-replica-rebuilding.md

- When triggered, Longhorn attaches the volume without activating the frontend, rebuilds any missing replicas, and then detaches the volume upon completion.
- This process can be interrupted if the workload scales up.

## Resource Constraints

Offline replica rebuilding will be cancelled or prevented from starting if there are insufficient resources available in the cluster.

- All instance managers on schedulable nodes must be ready.

> - The scheduler verifies that there is an available disk with sufficient space on a schedulable node for rebuilding a replica.

Reviewer: Can you reorganize the sentences? The two items don't have strong relationship with 
```
Offline replica rebuilding will be cancelled or prevented from starting if there are insufficient resources available in the cluster.
```

> Offline replica rebuilding will be cancelled or prevented from starting if there are insufficient resources available in the cluster.
> 
> - All instance managers on schedulable nodes must be ready.
> - The scheduler verifies that there is an available disk with sufficient space on a schedulable node for rebuilding a replica.

Reviewer 2: We can reframe it like:
```suggestion
Offline replica rebuilding will be canceled or prevented from starting if certain conditions are not met:

- All instance managers on schedulable nodes must be ready.
- The scheduler verifies that there is an available disk with sufficient space on a schedulable node for rebuilding a replica.

If these requirements are not met, Longhorn will consider the cluster to have insufficient resources.
```

### Resources Insufficient

> - The volume remains in a **degraded state** and **detached** with fewer healthy replicas than desired.
> - During offline replica rebuilding starts, Longhorn will wait for an interval from as short as 30 seconds to the maximum `replica-replenishment-wait-interval` to detach the volume if resources are insufficient.
> - No automatic rebuilding starts until resources become available or are newly added.

Reviewer 2: And this one can be reframed as:
```suggestion
If resources are insufficient:

- The volume remains in a degraded state and detached with fewer healthy replicas than desired.
- During offline replica rebuilding starts, Longhorn will wait for an interval from as short as 30 seconds to the maximum `replica-replenishment-wait-interval` to detach the volume.
- No automatic rebuilding starts until resources become available or are newly added.
```

- When triggered, Longhorn attaches the volume without activating the frontend, rebuilds any missing replicas, and then detaches the volume upon completion.
- This process can be interrupted if the workload scales up.

> ## Resource Constraints

Reviewer: > ## Resource Constraints

The ticket is a bit unclear. When I read this section, I can't tell what message it’s supposed to deliver. Could you come up with a more suitable title?

If these requirements are not met, Longhorn will consider the cluster to have insufficient resources:

- All instance managers on schedulable nodes must be ready.

> - The scheduler verifies that there is an available disk with sufficient space on a schedulable node for rebuilding a replica.

Reviewer: Again, the doc is for readers that don't know the context of the feature. Thus, it is better to organize the sentences as the steps

- Why is this section needed?
  - Problem
  - Proposed solution
  - Expected benefit
- How does it work?
  - High-level workflow
  - Key components involved
  - Example scenario
- Limitations and considerations
  - Known issues / trade-offs
  - Compatibility notes

You don't need to go into deep technical details, but you should clearly convey the feature and its importance to the users.

Reviewer: cc @sushant-suse
